I'm alright are you doing no it'll be
alright
I can't wait I know the best have you
said we weren't doing anything
yes we work we were to doing something
no we weren't we're doing eating
something wrong oh do you forget your
lines or something what's going on I wet
the bed
she totally digs me
thanks for everything last night hmm
yeah we'll just don't get used to it cuz
this ain't my job chicka Gerald barrows
happy now yes I'd like to place an order
for two fish tacos and chimichanga and a
taco and throw in some hot sauce too
plays damn it's huge oh my god their own
water fountain and so I had no idea what
to say to him I mean it was so pointless
I was so clueless I was oh hey are you
okay hey I had Jimmy tacos